[Music]
i have a simple dessert
using some sweet french brioche that
wouldn't look out of place
in a patisserie i'm going to make
a brioche from japan apple pudding
and it is very classy but
simplicity itself so let's get going
you can buy brioche very easily in the
supermarket
you don't have to trot over to paris or
france to get it
i've got a generously buttered dish
ready to go
so just get the bread push it into the
side
and can you see it can take shape
the brioche will give the perfect
buttery base
and it's so easy just squeeze them in
do it in a single layer and work each
piece in
last piece going in
so my juice war is finished
that's the brioche base finished and now
for the friendly pan
my rich almond fangipan is simple to
make
especially in a food processor in goes
the butter
blitz together with 175 grams of caster
sugar
until smooth and away we go
that was quite simple to bring out the
classic
almondy flavour add a teaspoon of almond
extract
don't muddle almond extract with almond
essence
extract is the real thing and it's
stronger
there it is followed by 175 grams of
ground almonds
3 eggs and 25 grams of flour
that was really very easy
smooth over the top of the brioche
[Music]
and then we'll just put apple on top
for the perfect balance of sweet and
tartness i'm using bray burns
start from the outside and put one in
and then let them just gently
overlap
now this will rise up and it will be
beautiful it goes in the oven at 180 fan
and it will take about 40 minutes
finally a glaze of apricot jam that's
been thinned out with a drop of hot
water
and i've got a bit of apricot to put in
the middle there
and sprinkle over toasted almonds
i'm very pleased with it and i think it
looks really posh
there you have it buttery apple
frangipane tart
what could be better this is definitely
right at the top of my favorite simple
puds
[Music]
you